hey YouTube 50 films here and I'm doing
a movie review of the new JJ Abrams
movie and now before I get into that I
just want to say when I first heard out
heard he was directing the new Star Wars
I was like all right I like Georgia
Arabs you know he he does great things
as movies a lot of a lot of lights and
stuff and I thought maybe I'll go see
this movie so I got a special screening
of Star Wars into darkness last night
first off I just want to say why isn't
it called episode 8 because it is
episode 8 it should be called Star Wars
Episode eight into darkness I mean
that's what you know you got to keep
with the continuity that was the first
thing that kind of made me think why why
would they just do that call episode 8
second off it has no continuity with all
the other Star Wars movies there's no
han Solo there's no Chewbacca Luke's in
it for a little bit there's no charge
our bangs and there's no seat r2d2
whatever the robot guys so I was like
why aren't these guys in it you know
everyone likes these characters
especially George her um so that was
kind of weird and I think that's kind of
annoying clicking noise huh just driving
now to to a meeting but anyways I'm
thinking like why why wouldn't they have
those characters in there because that's
what Star Wars is known for I grew up
watching you know the classics I really
enjoyed you know there was my childhood
to grow up with movies like The Phantom
Menace or attack of the clones you know
and I think a lot of that people
appreciate those awesome movies as well
and this one just had nothing to do with
it so JJ Abrams should feel it you know
shade himself for making a Star Wars
movie that had nothing to do with Star
Wars and they don't even call it the
force they call it like that gene
something there I don't even know what
it's like what why change the name of
things that you've known work that's all
I'm asking to the JJ so I really hope he
doesn't episode doesn't direct episode 9
whenever that comes out next year so
because this kick this movie just did
not seem like a Star Wars movie to me
that none of the characters were right i
mean had decent action but like this
everything was wrong and I really missed
by having Jar Jar Binks or Han Solo they
were a great team back in attack of the
clones so anyways that's all I have to
say about Star Wars into darkness I
don't really have I seeing it it's not
really good fact I would just say it
sucks it's the worst Star Wars when
we've ever seen so that's all I have to
say thanks for watching